Added B2CLogin.com information (#37981)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/active-directory-b2c-faqs.md

> ### Can I use my own URLs on my sign-up and sign-in pages that are served by Azure AD B2C? For instance, can I change the URL from login.microsoftonline.com to login.contoso.com?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I use my own URLs on my sign-up and sign-in pages that are served by Azure AD B2C? For instance, can I change the URL from contoso.b2clogin.com to login.contoso.com?
```

Reviewer: > Sorry missed I had to commit the suggestion, still kinda new to this. Should be fine now so you can merge?

@AlexFilipin No worries! There is also this suggestion still pending, would you like to take this as well?

> Not currently. This feature is on our roadmap. Verifying your domain in the **Domains** tab in the Azure portal does not accomplish this goal. However, we offer a [neutral top level domain](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/b2clogin) and thus the external appearance can be implemented without the mention of Microsoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not currently. This feature is on our roadmap. Verifying your domain in the **Domains** tab in the Azure portal does not accomplish this goal. However, with b2clogin.com, we offer a [neutral top level domain](b2clogin.md) and thus the external appearance can be implemented without the mention of Microsoft.
```
